.github/SECURITY.md, before:

# Security Policy

If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in this repository,
please report it directly to me as described below.

**Please DO NOT report security vulnerabilities publicly. So
do not create a GitHub issue for it!**

## Reporting a vulnerability

Please send me a detailed description of the vulnerability you have
discovered privately via email. Contact information needed for this
is listed down below.

In the report, please include as much information as possible, including:

- A extensive description of the vulnerability.
- How it could be exploited.
- The potential impact you think it would have (e.g., DOS attackable, privacy
  concerns, leaking of credentials).
- Steps for reproducing the vulnerability.
- Code (if any), that is needed for reproducing the issue.
- If you have an idea for a fix, patch or any other adjustment for mitigating
  the vulnerability reported.

## Contact information

Please contact me, Tobias Brenner, directly via:

dev@brenner.tech (not for support!)

Commit message:

Change security reporting to Security Advisories

.github/SECURITY.md, after:

# Security Policy

If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in this repository,
please report it via [GitHub Security Advisories](https://github.com/brenner-tobias/addon-cloudflared/security/advisories).

**Please DO NOT report security vulnerabilities publicly. So
do not create a GitHub issue for it!**

## Reporting a vulnerability

Please create a [new Security Advisory](https://github.com/brenner-tobias/addon-cloudflared/security/advisories/new)
with a  detailed description of the vulnerability you have discovered.

In the report, please include as much information as possible, including:

- A extensive description of the vulnerability.
- How it could be exploited.
- The potential impact you think it would have (e.g., DOS attackable, privacy
  concerns, leaking of credentials).
- Steps for reproducing the vulnerability.
- Code (if any), that is needed for reproducing the issue.
- If you have an idea for a fix, patch or any other adjustment for mitigating
  the vulnerability reported.
